before you apply to any university here
you have to like have some English level
that's why we run to you some English
language schools I had to Australian
tutors teachers and when I was deciding
the university to choose they advised me
Curtin Singapore because it had and it
has strong reputation me as I would see
at them yes I see yeah is a chair booked
out the future to finance a Curtin
Singapore what I like the most about
luxurious and Curtin Singapore is that
we just don't study theory purely theory
so you have to take into account like oh
there are all the events that are going
on in the world and we always discuss
them because this is the real
application this is where your theory
would go into practice here at Curtin
Singapore you can meet a lot of
different nationalities you learn how to
communicate with them how to interact
with them
I like Singapore a lot because it's very
green it's very nice country I have two
favorite places first one is Orchard
especially during holidays because they
would decorate it and especially when
it's dark
we just working through all those lights
and it seems like a fairy tale like it's
totally another world like it's not
Singapore and my second favorite place
is Botanic Gardens it's really beautiful
and what's most interesting is like you
can be working like on the path and then
suddenly a big lizard will just cross
this it's really interesting because the
Singapore seems very modern with all
those like
modern architecture that would have like
wizards in their pots if you just
interested in exploring city exploring
country itself then it's very
interesting they have like Little India
they have Chinatown they have like all
different places you can have a street
Indian temple Chinese temple Christian
Church is this is really fascinating how
they just like interact with each other
because religions are so different but
then at the same time they are on the
same street
I came to Singapore with my brother and
my cousin so we were staying quite close
to university only 15 minutes walk
we found accomodation quite easily it
did not even take a week I will
recommend Curtin Singapore to other
students and I have already done that my
friend came from Russia and she is
studying now here and my older brother
also graduated from here and we will be
having our graduation ceremony soon
together
you